# Yaoyorozu

## Overview

Japanese Yen stable coin cross-chain swap protocol on the Japan Open Chain.
When a Japanese Yen pegged stablecoin is created on the Japan Open Chain in the future, it will be possible to transfer the tokens to other chains.
It also implements contract accounts to make on-boarding as easy as possible for Web2 users and others.
For cross-chain swapping, this is achieved using LayerZero.

## Origin of Yaoyorozu

Japan has long had many gods, known as the "**8,000,000 gods**".
The name "**Yaoyorozu**" is derived from this, meaning that it will be possible to handle stabled coins on various blockchains.

## Contract account

Create a contract account in ERC4337 format.
It is generated by entering your email address (Google) so that anyone can create one uniquely and easily.
The email address and username are hashed together, as using the email address as is would expose it on the blockchain.
In addition, as simply entering the email address allows other people to create and access the contract account using the relevant email address, we manage the creation and access to the contract account using Google's authentication.
This allows contract accounts to be managed securely while using Google security.

Unlike EOA accounts, contract accounts require the deployment of a contract account-generating contract on each correspondent chain.
In addition, a contract account for each user must be deployed on each correspondence chain.
At this point, if the contract address is different on each chain, users will be confused.
Therefore, mechanisms such as create2 are used to ensure that the same address is used on EVM compatible chains.
This also allows users to use more compatible chains without having to worry about it.

The gas costs are paid for by the operator, and users can log in and exchange tokens as if they were using a web2 service.

## Cross-chain swap

Stablecoins can be moved between different chains using the burn/mint method.
Deploy a token contract with wrapped stablecoins on each chain.
Select two chains to exchange wrapped tokens for wrapped tokens and wrapped tokens for stablecoins on the JOC.
Use LayerZero for the exchange.

## Plans for implementation

### Support for EOA addresses

To be implemented so that users who already have an EOA address can log in directly with their EOA address.
Users who already have an EOA address will not be happy to create a new wallet to manage more wallets, so allowing users to also use EOA addresses will allow for more flexible user support while expanding the window.

### Contract addresses on EVM compatible chains

Different contract addresses on each EVM compatible chain can confuse users.
Therefore, create2 is used to ensure that contract addresses are the same on EVM compatible chains.

## Issues

### Gas supply

As we are responsible for the gas costs of our users, we are looking at where we can make up this burden.
